SECTIONS:

landing, with rsvp link

event details

relationship timeline/photos/playlist??

rsvp form

travel/hotel info

gift info


TODO:
add box-shadow to bottom of nav bar when body is scrolled


Timeline contents:
Spring 2009 - Sam "comps" Record Hospital, Harvard's rock radio department. Seph and Parker (the best man) are in charge of deciding if she makes it on. Despite Sam missing an assigned shadowing session to go to a Katy Perry concert, they deem her worthy and let her join.
[song: I kissed a girl]

Fall 2009 - Seph and Sam go to a Japandroids show together, after all their friends bail, losing their voices to "Young Hearts Spark Fire."
[song: young hearts spark fire]

Summer 2010 - Both live in Cambridge for the summer. Seph attempts to explain the allure of soccer while watching a World Cup game at Sam's apartment. They go to more shows.
[song: turning on]

Fall 2010 - Despite having tickets, Sam bails on a Pavement show in New York and ends up at an Advocate party. They dance themselves clean.
[song: dance yrself clean]

Summer 2011 - They graduate, and forego worrying about the lack of job prospects to spend the summer traveling in Europe. They stay with friends in Oxford and Paris, work on a horse farm in Spain, and learn far more than they ever cared to know about formula one racing.
[song: novias]

Fall 2011 - They decide to try their luck in San Francisco. Sam packs just a suitcase. A few months later, Seph gets his driving permit, and they take turns driving her car from Cape Cod to SF by way of Chicago, St. Louis, the Grand Canyon, and San Diego.
[song: ]

Spring 2013 - Seph and Sam move in to a beautiful apartment with their friends Will and Alison. On a whim, they drive to Marin, buy four baby chicks, and build them a coop.
[song: ]

Summer 2014 - They travel around South America, and end up in Brazil at the World Cup. Sam starts to come around on the whole soccer thing.

Spring 2015 - After three and a half years, two apartments, countless camping trips, four bikes, and several hairstyle changes, Seph and Sam move to Brooklyn, to the delight of both their families.

Spring 2016 - Seph and Sam learn what a co-op apartment is, and buy one. It is, coincidentally, a dog friendly building, so Ruby soon joins the family.

Fall 2017 - On a rainy Sunday morning in October, Seph wakes up Sam (a bit on the early side, if she's being honest) and asks her to marry him. Of course, she says yes.
